wretch
=================

One poor sod's surprisingly superior note keeping, outlining and general
life maintenance tool (also: vim plugin).

Alright, now that the marketing angle has been dealt with, what is it,
really?  An Outliner.  Actually the second best damn outliner that I've
come across yet.  And I've seen 'em all.  Most.  At least three.  The
only better outliner in existence is Emacs' Org mode.  But if you were
one of our Emacs-using overlords, you would not be shopping around for
an alternative outliner, now would you?

Who is it for?  If you happen to have a file of 50.000+ lines that you
absolutely need to keep together to represent one mother of an outline,
then /you/.  It might even be useful if you're throwing together
a shopping list, who knows?

Why did I write it?  Simply out of frustration with the /fantastic/
Vimoutliner[0].  Ah, I see - website's down.  Well, if you can take it,
use the one from vim.org[1] or take a look at the github page[2].
Vimoutliner is truly great and fully delivers what it's tagline, 'Work
fast, think well', promises.  At least on the 'work fast' part.  I just
grew tired of it's limitations-by-design: weak body text formatting
possibilities and unfortunate performance characteristics.
"Unfortunate"?  Waddaya expect, I'm not gonna go thrashing a piece of
software I've been in love with for 4+ years.

What's the deal?  One day in the future I hope to have a shiny website.
For now, I'll just leave it at: wretch's a slightly better Vimoutliner
for large outlines.  And I mean "large" in the sense of "absurdly huge".
Take a look at the design outline, design.wt, to get a feeling for how
things work.

Documentation is, of course, non-existent at this point.  Bothers me.
It really does.


[0] http://vimoutliner.org/

[1] http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3515

[2] https://github.com/vimoutliner/vimoutliner

